# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Commit guide

1 - Specify the type of commit: issue ID/?optional - verb - description
    - feature: A new feature 
        ( #01 - Feature - Add feature that allow users to signin with google )
        ( #02 - Feature - Add feature that allow dark/light mode )

    - fix: A bug fix 
        ( #02 - Fix - Fix bad scrolling after login )

    - docs: Everything related to documentation
        ( #02 - Docs - Add guide about commits at readme.md )

    - style: Feature and updates related to styling
        ( #02 - Style - Add styles for register form )
    
    - refactor: Refactoring a specific section of the codebase
        ( #02 - Refactoring - Refactor functions in avatar profile at user page )

    - test: Everything related to testing
        ( #02 - Test - Add test for home component )

2 - Write your commit message in the imperative: "Fix bug" and not "Fixed bug" or "Fixes bug."  This convention matches up with commit messages generated by commands like git merge and git revert.

3 - Your commit message should not contain any whitespace errors

4 - Use the body to explain what changes you have made and why you made them.

5 - Do not assume the reviewer understands what the original problem was, ensure you add it.

6 - Do not think your code is self-explanatory